great opportunity tonight to catch up
with another of kamberis favorite sons
as well Matt Guinot has been home from
France for a couple of weeks for rehab
on an injured groin and he spent some of
that time with our very own Greg Clark
that welcome home and it looks like
you're enjoying some warm Australian
weather as well yeah well I'm training
hard so I thought the single might be a
go I couldn't come get the suit like
yeah okay now you've had a groin
operation so why are you doing the rehab
here in Australia I just think with the
language I may not I'm able to get by
with the French but I just think it's
more clear there's there's little things
that you can communicate to the people
here and I feel more comfortable here
and I want to get myself right how do
you feel when you come back to Australia
do you get itchy feet the puppies are
looking like they're gonna have a good
year so do you think what if I stayed no
not really I really enjoy watching the
Super Rugby for me that that time
certainly passed you know I had a great
ten years or eleven years playing Super
Rugby loved it
but now watching it I really enjoy
watching it I don't feel that envious
that I want to get out there and play
are you bitter about how you wallaby
career ended no not really I think at
the time I was very bitter but I think
at the time in my head I hadn't
experienced enough I didn't have enough
life experience I think I probably
placed too much importance on rugby at
the time now I've got a couple of kids
and I think rugby is in its walk the
place you know while I felt better at
the time I had no right to feel that way
I played 92 tests
had a great very fortunate to play that
many times for the Wallabies and
represent my country so I'm certainly
not better now at the time while I felt
bitter but I had no right to feel
we had a falling out but that then coach
Robbie Deans
what was the turning point was at the
Miss kick against England 2010 I think
so yeah I mean he's got a couple of
tries I've got my first cut the kicks
over and then I don't know I just felt
him in a bit of a hole with with the
goal kicking and after I missed that one
from in front which we probably nice and
versatile team up I had like a little
little smile which was more just the
nervous thing or an embarrassed reaction
for me and I think that was received
pretty poorly and then from there it
just yeah things I think unravel from
there but life seems pretty good in
France for you to Lana's in second spot
it's going well it's good yeah the life
starts right as I said for me
rugby's kind of found its rightful place
you know more important so to see my
family and I make sure my kids are happy
and healthy and the family's healthy and
then after that rugby I think I enjoy my
rugby more now because it has less of a
focus and I feel I'm playing better
rugby now definitely more than
definitely better than when I left but
there'll be an exodus of Australian
players going to the UK and France after
the Rugby World Cup this year do you see
there's an ongoing problem I'm not I'm
not too sure I mean for me it was never
an option for me until the end of my
career because I always want to play for
the wall this you know I'm a proud
Australian that's always always had been
my goal no I was in Australia like me
and then the time had come when I was no
longer selected no longer needed and I
felt I needed a new challenge as well as
for the younger kids I think you know
you've got to want to stay and rugby
develop and play for your country that's
that's the ultimate should overseas bass
players be selected for the Wallabies
absolutely starting now no I I think
that's the case that better strong maybe
you need to need to look at now I'm not
trying to put you out to pasture but
what does the future hold for that kiddo
yes under ideal which I probably I
wasn't worth or I shouldn't have been
given certainly at my age I signed a
three-year deal so
once I was given that I jumped at it and
I took it so I may come back yeah the
last few years who knows I might be
holding a pay but for me I've always
been competitive so I'll keep giving it
all I've got and two years nothing left